									Basic Roadmap for Our System



Roles:

1. Employee
2. HR
3. Department
4. Administrator
5. Admin

Pages:- 

1. Login and Signup
2. Grievance Form
3. Tracking page (Show Status) by default home page
4. dashboard for hr,dept,administrator
5. message panel

Acess Roles:

1. Employee :- fill up form and show their status

2. HR :- Response the issues and update the status of this issue

3. Dept :- Response the issues and update the status of this issue

4. Administrator: manage all issues and can assign to hr and dept

5. Admin:- Full Access or by default Admin panel

Employee Information

    Employee ID: Unique identifier for the employee.
    Name: Full name of the employee.
    Department: Department where the employee works.
    Position: Job title of the employee.
    Email: Employee's email address.
    Phone Number: Employee's contact number.

Grievance Details

    Grievance Type: Category of the grievance (e.g., Harassment, Discrimination, Workplace Safety, Pay/Benefits, etc.).
    Date of Incident: Date when the grievance incident occurred.
    Location of Incident: Location where the incident took place.
    Description: Detailed description of the grievance.
    Evidence: Option to upload supporting documents or evidence (e.g., emails, photos, etc.).

Resolution Sought

    Preferred Resolution: Employee’s preference for how the grievance should be resolved (e.g., Apology, Compensation, Policy Change, etc.).

Witness Information

    Witness Name: Name of any witness to the incident.
    Witness Contact Information: Contact details of the witness.

Additional Information

    Previous Complaints: Any previous complaints related to this grievance.
    Additional Comments: Any additional comments or information the employee wishes to provide.


GRIEVANCE_TYPE_CHOICES = [
        ('Harassment', 'Harassment'),
        ('Discrimination', 'Discrimination'),
        ('Workplace Safety', 'Workplace Safety'),
        ('Pay/Benefits', 'Pay/Benefits'),
        ('Other', 'Other'),
    ]

    RESOLUTION_CHOICES = [
        ('Apology', 'Apology'),
        ('Compensation', 'Compensation'),
        ('Policy Change', 'Policy Change'),
        ('Other', 'Other'),
    ]

Backend Tables:-

User_Hierarchy:- id,HierarchyName,Hierarchyorder,isactive

User_data : id, name,mobile,email,userhierarchyid,isactive

Grievance_Type: id, Grievance_Typename,isactive

Preferred Resolution: id,resol_name,isactive

Grievance_data:- id,userid,Description,Evidence_path,Grievance_Typeid,Date of Incident,Location of Incident,Preferred Resolutionid, Witness Nameid,Previous Complaintsid,Additional Comments
isactive

status_type: id,name,Statusorder, isactive

complaints_data: id,Grievanceid,statusid,isactive

message_channel:- id,senderid,receviierid,message,isactive

